hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so these
are the new wireless headphones from
alien where there are new wireless
gaming headphones and they haven't made
headphones in a very long time like 8 or
9 years it's been a while but when you
look at this thing it's distinctly
ailing we're right it's got the LEDs
it's got the Alienware logo like it's
super Alienware but this thing is crazy
expensive this thing is 230 dollars
either one of the most expensive
headphones i've ever used and they're
geared towards gamers but is it really
worth it because $230 is a lot of money
for a gaming headset now the first thing
I notice about this headset is the
comfort these are incredibly comfortable
and I've tried a lot of gaming headsets
before and the general theme about
gaming headsets is that they are
supposed to be quite comfortable but
these take it to another level they're
lightweight they're adjustable kinda
your standard movement on the ear cups
but the mesh on the ear cup stays
comfortable even after hours of gaming
and I think they're using some kind of
memory foam in here because when you
press on it like I'll just demonstrate
here when you press it it sinks in and
it retains its shape for a little bit
and it's not something that I've seen in
any other gaming headset at least not
one that I've used and I've used this
thing for about two weeks at this point
I've never actually taken this thing off
in the middle of a gaming session
because it was uncomfortable so like the
comfort on this thing is seriously
top-notch the headset has this really
good balance of gripping force from the
headband and comfort from the ear cups
now at the bottom of this headband is
this rubber material when you squish it
it feels like air and it's similar to
the headband material from some of the
beats headphones like some of the Beats
studios or the Beats solos they have
this kind of rubber material in the
bottom just got that squishy air cushion
thing underneath and it's comfortable
it's nice but it concerns me about
durability because a lot of those beats
headphones they wear down over time like
when that rubber seal kind of peels off
from the frame it's impossible to stick
it back in and decel replacements for
beats headphones and stuff Amazon but I
don't know if Dell or alienware is gonna
offer a replacement for this rubber that
does kind of concern me in terms of
long-term durability so the rest of
materials are good like the inner
headband is this metal thing kind of
standard feels durable nothing in here
feels flimsy or weak or anything like
that
I very component every kind of joint
here feels solid it's mostly plastic
though so
if you're expecting like an aluminum
headset or something for that price it's
not it's a polycarbonate material but
it's coated in this soft touch material
I like the look of it especially when it
new it looks kind of matte with this
Batman style finish but this material
can wear down over time and when it does
it can look gunky the lighting is one of
the main features of this headset you
get full control of it in the software
you can change two zones and you can
customize it to have like different
lighting synchronization with different
games and stuff it's pretty cool and I
actually think that they do the lighting
the best in terms of headsets out there
le and where lighting is always pretty
cool I'm partial to it because I like
the linear design and I like that alien
head logo but I don't know it's lighting
you're not really looking at it when
you're using it it's kind of more of a
showcase of lighting but yeah it's kind
of cool the battery life is good I
clocked in and around 17 hours of use
this is with the RGB lighting off if you
have it on it's significant unless it's
almost half I got on like eight hours
with the lighting on so I mean depending
what you want to do with it you might
want to keep the light off and to charge
it it uses a micro USB I really wish
they'd included a USB see because this
is a product in 2018 and there's so many
like crappy products out there that
already include use PC it'd be kind of
appropriate for a high-end premium
product to use use PC but it's using
micro USB they also include a
three-and-a-half millimeter cable this
is a really short cable it's like not
even a meter or like a round ammeter it
allows you to connect the headset to a
phone or something that has a headphone
jack and it's useful for that but if
you're trying to connect this to your
desktop or just kind of like your gaming
PC it's I don't know it's a little short
and it kind of restricts where you can
do with it you look very nicely just
include a longer cable or maybe in a
second cable that was longer because a
meter is short the primary way to
connect the headset is through a
wireless dongle so you plug it into the
USB port pairs up instantly sends the
audio through a 2.4 gigahertz signal it
works well the dongle also slots into
the headset for easy storage
okay let's talk sound quality this is
probably its most important feature I
think for most people and it's good it's
very good but they don't sound
significantly better than its
and if you look at the specs and
obviously the specs only tell a very
small portion of the story but just
looking at that chart I'm not surprised
that the alien wares don't sound that
different from the Logitech headset now
the SteelSeries headset the arctas Pro
these sounds significantly better it's
very noticeable they're also crazy
expensive like way more than the
Alienware and the Logitech but they like
you can hear the difference right away
these ones they're more expensive like
fifty seventy dollars more than the
Logitech's but I don't know if the sound
difference is really there now the mic
on this is very good there's noise
cancellation has decent protection
against like the popping P sound and
here's an audio sample that I've
recorded from the mic so if you're
picking up power-ups to protect yourself
from piercing projectiles you won't pop
the mic I also like how it's activated
like you pull the mic down mic on
there's an audio cue to tell you that
it's activated and then when you're done
with it you tuck it back up Mike oh and
there's another audio cue that lets you
know that it's off and it just tucks
away really clean it just keeps that
design aesthetic really alien where
there's Hardware controls on the back so
there's a volume dial a mute switch and
then there's balance dial so you can
kind of adjust the balance between your
in-game sounds or your speech like your
communications app or whatever it's
pretty cool and there's like this mid
point for that dial so you can kind of
feel it blindly so you just kind of
adjust it when you're not really looking
at the dial you can kind of see where
the middle is
which is where I've kept it most of the
time um what else was there to talk
about well the software so they have
this 7.1 virtual surround sound that
they achieve through software it's
nothing special I think a lot of
companies do it but they do it as well
it sounds pretty good but they also have
this thing that I don't love it's this
visual representation of your audio
space and it'll indicate on screen where
your enemies are now I don't even bother
using this because quite frankly I think
it's it's not that it's cheating but
unless you're hearing impaired I find a
kind of lame and how useful could it
really be like if you're dependent on
that to play your game then you're
probably playing your game wrong okay
$230 for headset Haley where is it worth
it
my take on it is this there are a bunch
of reasons why people buy expensive
headsets obviously and depending on what
you're using this for it may or may not
be worth it if your main thing is just
performance just like audio performance
then I would say no
like 450 or $70 cheaper you can get some
really really similar sounding ones but
this thing excels and I'd say two things
number one aesthetics I mean this looks
really cool this looks a heck of a lot
better than the logitech wireless or the
razer wireless headset so there's that
but the big one for me is comfort these
are incredibly comfortable if you're
someone that puts in like 8 10 12 hour
gaming sessions at a time and you want
something just kind of slop on your head
and just let it Coast check these out
because the comfort on these is
phenomenal okay that basically wraps up
this thing I'm gonna do one last little
tidbit of information there's a matching
Mouse to this the Alienware elite Gaming
Mouse and it looks really cool lights up
it's got that whole airline wear DNA
thing going on and you might be tempted
to get one to have a matching set of
Alienware peripherals but it's a palm
grippers Mouse so if you're a fingertip
gripper or a claw gripper like I am it
just doesn't feel right it's a good
Mouse overall like if you can get used
to the shape and size of it if you're a
palm gripper but if you're not I don't
recommend this medicine okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs you'd love to see you guys
next time
[Music]